Update add links in setup pages, remove mainnet, testnet in commander & source pages, fix typo in Core docs - closes #572 (#573)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/configuration.adoc

:toc:
:source-highlighter: coderay
:v_sdk: master

> :url_source: management/source.adoc

Reviewer: This link was correct, please restore.

Author: OK, now done..

:url_config_structure: reference/config.adoc#structure
:url_sdk_framework: {v_sdk}@lisk-sdk::reference/lisk-framework/index.adoc
:url_docker: management/docker.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you are using the Docker distribution, Lisk Core is configured in a slightly different manner.
Please go to the xref:{url_docker}[Docker commands] page to find out more about the docker-specific configuration of the Lisk Core.
====

[[network_specific_config]]
== Network-specific config files

The root folder for all configurations is `config/`.
The *default* network is `devnet`.

> To connect to another network, specify the `network` when starting the Lisk Core, as described in xref:{url_source}[Source commands].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to another network, specify the `network` when starting the Lisk Core, as described in xref:{url_source}[Config reference].
```

:source-highlighter: coderay
:v_sdk: master
:url_config_clo: reference/config.adoc#clo
:url_source: management/source.adoc
:url_config_structure: reference/config.adoc#structure
:url_sdk_framework: {v_sdk}@lisk-sdk::reference/lisk-framework/index.adoc
:url_docker: management/docker.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you are using the Docker distribution, Lisk Core is configured in a slightly different manner.
Please go to the xref:{url_docker}[Docker commands] page to find out more about the docker-specific configuration of the Lisk Core.
====

[[network_specific_config]]
== Network-specific config files

The root folder for all configurations is `config/`.
The *default* network is `devnet`.

> To connect to another network, specify the `network` when starting the Lisk Core, as described in xref:{url_source}[Config reference].

Reviewer: This link is not going to the reference, like the label indicates. Please fix either the link or the label so it fits to the content and context.

Author: OK, it should work now..
